README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I’m Daniel
📍 **San Francisco ↔ Madrid** |  🚀 **Amazon Alexa AI**

## Current Projects
- 🪩 **[moviedisco.com](https://moviedisco.com)** - A movie recommendation app for letterboxd users. (closed source)
- 📄 **[ML Papers Weekly](https://danicrg.github.io/papers-weekly/)** - A daily list of the most relevant ML papers of the past 7 days

## Connect

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@danicarlander-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/danicarlander)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/-danielcarlander.com-FF5722?style=flat-square&logo=hugo&logoColor=white)](https://danielcarlander.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Daniel_Carlander-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielcarlander)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/danicrg)

My referral codes [refer.codes/danicrg](https://refer.codes/danicrg)

Commit message:

Add One Piece Downloader project to README

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I’m Daniel
📍 **San Francisco ↔ Madrid** |  🚀 **Amazon Alexa AI**

## Current Projects
- 🪩 **[moviedisco.com](https://moviedisco.com)** - A movie recommendation app for letterboxd users. (closed source)
- 📄 **[ML Papers Weekly](https://danicrg.github.io/papers-weekly/)** - A daily list of the most relevant ML papers of the past 7 days
- 👒 **[One Piece Downloader](https://github.com/danicrg/one-piece-download-upscale)** - A manga downloader and upscaler to perfect iPad resolution

## Connect

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@danicarlander-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/danicarlander)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/-danielcarlander.com-FF5722?style=flat-square&logo=hugo&logoColor=white)](https://danielcarlander.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Daniel_Carlander-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielcarlander)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/danicrg)

My referral codes [refer.codes/danicrg](https://refer.codes/danicrg)
